---
title: Homework week 1 30 second video 
published_at: 16/03/2024
snippet: This is my 30 second clip blog 
disable_html_sanitization: true 
---

In week 1 session 2, the homework task that was given to us was to film a 30 second clip of a landscape thats important to you. Then with a peer from in the class, the 30 second clips were to be exchanged, to then create a 30 second video with both of the clips combined. I used Ella's clip, which was her back yard that looked over beautiful bush land and hills. As I haven't used premiere pro, and haven't experienced any previous film and editing training, the process of combining the two videos took longer than expected. I watched a multitude of preimere pro tutorials which gradually sped up the process of completing the finished video. Whilst the homework task was to only morph the two clips without using any effects, I did want to incorproate zooming in and out of certain parts of the videos to achieve a more emotional touch to the short video. Another aim of mine was to get an idea of how to use basic editing technioques through premier pro so my assessment 1 task is less challenging. One complication I came across was once I uploaded my video to youtube, the colour of my original 30 second video seemed extremely saturated, compared to how it was viewed through premiere pro.  Overall, I feel that I completed the task sucecessfully, my intention of the video was clear, and I was able to work my way around complications when I came across them. The link to the youtube video is below. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0_nSNAnJR7o?si=KIqbO0qSrScpSJNp" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>