---
title: homework week 10 session 2 artist biography 
published_at: 15/06/2024
snippet: This is my practice artist biography 
disable_html_sanitization: true 
---

Artist biography practice 

Hi, I am Mackensie Young currently studying digital media at RMIT university. It is my first year and I am completely new to working with technology, however with a creative mindset imbedded into me, I knew that I was interested in studying this degree. I have always strived in creative areas, with my main strengths of creativity leading through dance and song writing. I have always enjoyed the simplistic activities in life such as painting, drawing, and beading. I have always had a passion for understanding media not from just a surface level, as well as having the enjoyment of my own freedom and flexibility when it comes to creating a designing my own products of final assessment pieces. I aim to continue growing and learning as a creative artist and expanding my knowledge of the media to enhance my creativity from a different light. I also hope to give some insight into how to enjoy and learn know things, as whilst being creative is fun, learning new things is challenging sometimes. Whilst I was originally sceptical to follow this path, I am currently learning something new each day and am looking forward to where digital media takes me in the near future. If you are someone who is unsure if this is the write path for you, this is my experience with how it is going and feel free to ask me more questions via my email 
s4009063@student.rmit.edu.au 

HOMEWORK QUESTION 

how can you use various visual elements to express your interests and tastes as an artist or designer? 
I am to show visual elements through my personal interests. I am a perfectionist meaning that I like everything looking aesthetically pleasing. I will use colours such as pinks and yellow and blues, and mainly pastels to create a light energy on my website that feels welcoming and safe. I will include photos where its necessary and not use harsh edges and instead use circles to create a softer touch to the page. 
