---
title: homework week 11 session 1 wireframes
published_at: 15/06/2024
snippet: This is my wireframes projects
disable_html_sanitization: true 
---

After creating a variety of wireframes and experimenting with Figma to see how the layout would work within the frame, I determined that the final wireframe was the best fit for my desired design. To reach this conclusion, I carefully compared each wireframe, retaining the elements I liked and discarding the sections that didn’t fit or align with the overall frame. This process involved playing around with different shapes and sizes to understand how everything would be placed, not only on a laptop but also on an iPhone. My goal was to ensure that the design would deliver the same final outcome, regardless of the platform it was opened on. While working on the wireframes, I paid close attention to the layout and shapes, but I also considered colours and fonts. I wanted to ensure that the colour scheme was simplistic and that the colours and fonts conveyed a cohesive "energy." This required experimenting with various colour palettes and font styles to find the perfect combination that would enhance the user experience without overwhelming it. The process of creating wireframes was quite enjoyable. It allowed me to translate all of my ideas visually, and I could review each thought process I had. This step-by-step approach enabled me to piece together a project that I am genuinely content with. I found satisfaction in seeing my initial concepts evolve into a cohesive design. 


