---
title: homework week 11 session 2 grid post layout
published_at: 15/06/2024
snippet: This is my homework that involves grid post layout
disable_html_sanitization: true 
---

Using a grid post layout significantly improves the final appearance of a wireframe by establishing clear spaces and boundaries throughout the design. A grid ensures that all elements are aligned and visible when viewed as a website. I found that employing a grid post layout was incredibly advantageous. Not only did it ensure that each element on a single page was neatly aligned, but it also synchronised every other page, creating a seamless blend across the entire website. The grid post layout was particularly helpful for maintaining consistent sizing between columns, ensuring a harmonious overall design.

After reading the document on type tips, I revisited my website’s design. While I had no issues with the colours and fonts, and everything looked aesthetically pleasing, I realised that my paragraph spacing was inconsistent. To address this, I incorporated the grid post layout more thoroughly to ensure even spacing and alignment for all text elements.
In my effort to infuse a personal touch into the blog, I decided to add decorative elements that reflect my personality. I wanted the design to appear delicate and inviting, which inspired me to place flowers in the corners or use them as fillers on the page. This decision greatly enhanced the overall look and feel of the website, making it more cohesive and personalised.

Designing the wireframe layout for the iPhone presented a unique set of challenges due to the narrower screen size compared to a laptop. Additionally, the blocks of pink colour appeared odd, especially when not evenly spaced across the screen. To solve this, I adjusted the wireframe for the iPhone, accepting that elements would need to be more spread out. To address the issue with the pink blocks, I added a peach-coloured stroke. This not only broke up the page visually but also complemented the existing pink, creating a balanced and attractive design.
Overall, the grid post layout played a crucial role in aligning and organising the content, both on laptop and mobile views. The process of revisiting and refining the design elements, including spacing and colour coordination, ensured a polished and cohesive final product. By incorporating personal touches such as floral decorations and addressing the unique challenges of mobile design, I created a website that truly felt like it belonged to me, reflecting my style and preferences while maintaining a professional and seamless appearance.